Help guys welcome to this city you're in this video will start working on other settings to settings
is the most important setting of any blog or any website.
OK.
So in the head of settings we have a lot of settings and all of that we need.
Ok there are important settings settings that we will be needing in future.
Not all those settings will get the first setting which is about the logo.
The important setting in logos are things we have to option custom image logo and display site data.
If you remember when we set up over as we entered the site title as hell.
So if you want that data to appear all you need to do is click on display site title and see if.
If you don't want your logo if you want just title then this blizzard has been a tendency of genius
and refresh and see we will have to see help and this is the slogan mythically read or when we set up
the database.
Instead of the word Press.
OK but we don't want it.
We don't want decide that we want her logo to be here.
To do that can custom image logo and here upload your logo files.
I have a logo that ideas I have.
Next up I will use their logo.
Hatred is no different.
Let me see this one.
Ok I am going to use this open select.
OK this is the level of safety in use.
OK the recommended size is this 180 pixels.
Is it 60 pixels height when your logo is in this dimension your logo would be perfect for this team
OK.
Make sure it is in this dimension.
Great here.
I photoshopped it and make it with this Dominican-American like this dimension of Janey's refresh and
see we will have our logo on here.
See now we have our logo like no you can see we have a lot of space above this logo and a lot of space
below this logo.
We can change the space so that it may show you where we can change space.
Here we have 50 pixels than from top and 15 from bottom so we can get you to zero.
Zero lozenges.
Now we will not have a lot of space.
There will be space but not a lot of space.
OK so let's see that we don't have a lot of space above and below.
OK so for example if you if you want the space to be removed do you don't want this space.
Right here to continue to do negative Virginius to ninety five and here negative 5 and see more a space
would be used from top and bottom.
More space will be removed.
See now we have 5 more from 5 people 5 picks and more is reduced from up and 5 bucks and more is to
from bottom so you can do it in the negative.
But I would recommend you to make it zero because that's the good idea to keep it OK.
So now we have the best settings for logo.
OK the next thing is full logo.
We don't want it don't turn it off just keep it right.
With God when you turn on it and you have a big logo that logo will cover a lot of space and your blog
will look toward you will not look good.
OK.
Keep it as it is.
So the next setting is send to the logo if you want your logo to be in the center.
You can turn it on but nobody wants the logo in the center.
But if you can turn this on again the next text the next setting that we have is header top area setting
it up is this.
This right here this area OK this gray area you see contact us about us on this area is dopehead.
If you want to have this stop area keep it in MBRD.
But if you don't want that make a thimble.
OK.
Now you can see we can also have today's date here if you want.
If you want to date on this bar up bar use this feature on today's date.
So let me refresh it and you will see todays date on the left side.
Let me refresh it and see.
No we have grid is dead on the left side.
OK if you want it I always keep it as good it looks good in here.
OK but as change these settings or format of the date but the hazard is very good to keep it as it is.
OK.
So you can see we have search here if you want to disable it disable it from here live search search
live search is basically the basically the drub drub don't search when you type something and there
is a drop down.
This is basically the third seat.
This is the lifesavers if you want it you pretty neighbor so she'll go on if you want here.
Put in neighbored not right.
No we have one.
OK.
So I covered it lot in depth in the upcoming video.
So we will have best selling of our fashion icons and I can assure you that how we can create it.
We will use them again.
And almost 90 percent of bloggers use that plugins.
OK.
And I would go with that in-depth to very the next second.
Settings we have.
Is main navigation setting main navigation.
Is this right here.
This is Garmin navigation.
So if you want to this off you don't want me navigation don't just make it easier but nobody wanted
this.
No we have another button here which is random articles when you click on it you would see a random
article from our blog.
OK.
So if you don't want it disable it or get know you can see the navigation menu.
This navigation menu sticks when we scroll down and when we go up it stays stuck.
So let me show you now.
I'm going to move up and that body would be stick see this board is.
So this is God's stick.
OK.
So you can bend it off if you want.
So if you want the your logo to also be in this bar you can upload from here.
OK.
But I will not recommend you because nobody does that.
But if you can always upload it and you can't use the file with it we just upload.
OK.
All right the next thing is responsive settings.
Keep it as it is because of a blog is already in response so keep it as it is.
The next thing is breaking news that you can see here.
I always turn this off.
It doesn't look good.
OK.
You always turn this off.
But you can keep it if you want.
So this off breaking news going to disable it and see if Janey's fresh No it will be gone.
It is gone.
You can also change the settings in the breaking news for example when we do have breaking news.
You can change any mission effect you can select to get a good read.
The breaking news should be coming whether you want to read from bags or you can add custom decks.
This book is all about the breaking news but we have disable it.
We don't need to mess with this.
OK.
So I hope you guys know understand how we can tune our head intercepting how we can.
Jane Jane this bar setting search and this one right here to tell you as we're watching this video in
the next video are kibe settings and posting's.